Improve constants collection speed (#4366)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> Improves several issues surrounding the code introduced in :ref:`version 6.131.1 <v6.131.1>`:
> 
> * Improve speed of constants collection.
> * Cache constants to the ``.hypothesis`` directory for future runs.
> * Fix a ``RecursionError`` on parsing deeply nested code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch makes the new features introduced in :ref:`version 6.131.1 <v6.131.1>` much
faster, and fixes an internal error when working with deeply-nested code.
```

(I don't like dot-points very much in our changelog, because our release tend to be much more focussed that that style would usually imply)
